# Date
12/05/2021

# Attendants
Chenyu, Prof. Kelly

# Summary
The first meeting about the project - getting things rolling

# Details

## Project objectives
1. The project objective is not defined yet - search for the right objectives.
2. Work from Mehedi is a good start - could try to replicate what he has down. This is also a good exercise.
3. There could be compatibility issue between Mehedi's work and the current LIBXSMM
4. Options for AVX-512 machine: amazon cloud survice. Expense can be covered but need to inform supervisor beforehand. (also provided the cost is reasonable)
5. It is potential interest to see how the LIBXSMM runs on the systems without complete AVX-512 support, e.g. AMD cpus. 
6. PyFR is the current targeting software for this small MM routine right now.
7. Other applications would be computational chemistry and convolution NN.

## About final thesis
1. The final section will include: conclusion + future work (things I should have done)...
2. Need to starts to make notes about the future work (things I should have done) section.
3. Advised to create a thesis.tex now.
4. Started to read about the [Distinguished projects](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/computing/prospective-students/projects-at-imperial/) and think about what makes the good ones good.

## June 3rd - interim report
1. Background chapter (what does the reader need to appreciate the thesis)
2. Related work (show the readers I understand the context)
3. Plan
4. evaluation

## Logistics
1. 1 meeting a week
2. I prepare the agenda

## Lecture access
1. Now have access to lecture slides and recordings of advanced compu arch.
2. chap 01, 08 are important

# Next meeting
3 pm on Thursday (20/05/2021)